hey everybody welcome back to northern
lion place the binding of issac
afterbirth plus I was gonna say the
binding of issac after with plus two
that would not be correct it's a
nonsensical expression you know what we
could use lilith greedier why put myself
through this pa rt why because we got it
what do we start with your magic mush am
76 for Z D s absolutely zero percent
wrong with this hello Ken are you trying
to leave are you trying to jump on the
computer you're trying to leave that's
fantastic news not because I don't want
to see you but because the computer is
something that should not be jumped upon
I thought about doing a keeper greedier
but we did just do the keeper greed run
to begin with so figured let's not
overload it here right off the bat ooh
Plan C I don't think so
the thing is Lilith
please be good
Lilith greed should we're greedy or I
should say should be strong especially
you know that bomb actually turned out
to be very useful but should be strong
we can use I mean that's not bad good
but I guess if it's ever gonna work for
any character it's the right character
to try here the idea is that by using
box of friends here we should be able to
fairly easily build up a strong you know
kind of pseudo army of familiars here
that can really help us along even
though robo-baby sucks if you get three
Robo babies or four Robo babies you know
now we're talking and by now we're
talking I mean now we're doing
marginally more damage than we otherwise
would be given the circumstances still
pretty bad is the way that that comes
down to but you know if that was so bad
if you know Lilith succeeds or at least
as is quite valuable to us on boss rush
the same holds true if not to a greater
extent actually for greed and greedier
modes so we should consider it a
privilege to get the opportunity to
handle a greedier mode run is Lilith
here hopefully we get a run that's
exciting that's what I'm open for we
don't need a run that's strong we just
had that as a zl-- run you know we won
is the keeper in greed recently we've
accomplished some good things is what
I'm trying to say so here's where the
danger comes in what's the right play
here try to beat the bosses without
taking damage well in the process losing
all your familiars or try to beat the or
go into the shop and buy HP for three
cents instead kind of a tough call I've
chosen to opt for the one that's a
little bit more performative and I'm
hoping for the best
but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't a
little frightened here excuse me sir
please pop up but not too close that's
too close we got him uh I think now I'm
gonna go check out this room and what do
I want I mean it's kind of tempting to
go for a blank card it's like a
superstar ingredient ago for moldy bread
and honestly I would love for you to
provide me with a single penny okay well
like the rate of fire increase is so
good here that I'm willing to spend a
bomb to try to get it
I don't think we have a choice then
there's no point of re-rolling
everything we might as well just wait
for a minute here maybe we'll be able to
get something and you know what I think
this is okay obviously I don't love the
idea of starting our next like three or
four waves without having any box of
friends support but double Ragman early
kind of an annoying fight I'm not so
much thinking like we're gonna die here
if we don't pop box of friends but I'm
more like if we don't pop box and
friends we might lose enough HP that we
could conceivably die if we fight
Krampus on our first deal with the devil
I don't know why I'm concerned with that
because our first deal with the net the
devil is inevitably just gonna be like a
red chest if green moat is anything to
go by well that's what I get for being
shall I say greedy
I think that's we should shoot for the
moon here
and it's something you would probably
never do in most situations if you were
a little bit more sensible than I am you
probably would still choose not to do it
I'm gonna take both the reason is one's
a familiar ones agape transformation I'd
like to have the effect of both well
save our money because we can use it to
possibly get into extra HP on the next
floor oh now you got to look at this and
go really I think the answer is I think
we look for an HP upgrade with with
benefits on the next floor basically
hopefully we get one from our you know
item room silver or gold here otherwise
God's flesh is fine placenta there we go
that's what we're looking for was a
little scared but we made it through and
screw is an amazing item I don't think
you can afford to d4 but Lilith I know
it seems like I'm coming up with a lot
of convenient excuses to not reroll my
whole run but Lilith oftentimes is just
the wrong choice normally I'd love a
seven cent item but I don't think that
the Steam sale is really worth it here
curved horn absolutely is alright I mean
we got nine damage so thankfully the
idea is that it shouldn't be too
difficult for us here to just survive I
mean the one more wave basically there
we go now we've got a little bit of
bonus love coming through here and we
should be fine for this floor so I think
we've got a very good run that's in a
fragile place right now so the real
problem is uh you know what happens to
us if we don't manage to get HP and
moreover the real problem is what
happens to us if my brain malfunctions
and I decide to take some stupid deal
with the devil items like sister Maggie
for example that kind of fit in
thematically too you know the Platonic
ideal of a good Lilith run without
actually providing us with very much
support at all but luckily what are the
odds of that happening right now it's no
surprise to me this is completely
original by the way it's no surprise to
me I am my
worst enemy because every now and then I
kick the living s out of me can't think
of what word would ever go there it's
not vulgar okay we're gonna do like
every wave right now well for now things
change but we're gonna try to do every
wave because I don't want to lose our
Mass Effect I don't know if that's the
right use of Mass Effect isn't a Mass
Effect like as something gets larger it
has an effect that's more than you would
expect as a result of its size something
like that it's like the larger something
gets it can have unintended consequences
like a tumor gives you a mass effect
when it comes large enough to affect
other tissues I think maybe I'm using it
correctly I don't know what am i a
doctor no I sit on my butt and play
video games on YouTube also a da e
programming the AE arrays start at zero
there's one of you out there it keeps
tweeting me anytime I mention anything
if I say that a Rea joke Nicole is the
only thing you know about programming
arrays and then I just respond to you
with your first name and I don't
remember what your first name is but you
know who you are I'm not giving you the
satisfaction
perthro ii-era oh you always go with a
yera on greed mode it's essentially like
a 20 cent rune I think you probably go
binky and you know what this is a who
dares win situation I'm hoping five
cents crack this open
we got a nalgas rune uh you would
suggest this is probably not worth it
but we can at least like save half a
spirit are we get three bombs out of it
so now we got three bombs for five cents
and we got to think about you know
whether that deals good I don't know
seems okay normally be fifteen cents but
normally we also probably wouldn't do
too much with the bombs but there was a
text to a mushroom you fool that being
said we have magic much already so maybe
not as as bad as it looks but range
upgrade completely irrelevant
we can get five cents out of a single
bomb it looks like right there and then
I'll start to be pretty pleased so let's
take this do we want PhD yes oh that
stinks it's not essential but we want it
could be helpful glaucoma occasional
confusion tears no music apparently so
we're in it's gonna be a little bit of
an a cappella run here there goes the
girl that stole my huh I don't know why
I'm singing the melody line at
barbershop quartet let's be honest we're
in a barbershop quartet
first off I'd be flattered secondly I'm
definitely the guy who goes bow bow bow
bow bow bow not using the yeah rough a
pair goodly please pop this I'm not the
Frankie Valli I'm one of the force like
doll Frankie Valli
I'm not Frankie Valli I'm one of the
four seasons
probably winter I'm mad I'm a little mad
I got I got hemmed in there that was
stupid of me also the title of my Thor
related podcast Siva zhurba severe but
in the club get tips so no your that's
okay well yeah alright alright alright
back to the drawing board it's a shame
because that was a good run but you know
gotta do what you gotta do
we're not starting this run in a bad
place necessarily I think I got
distracted there but my barbershop
quartet miss everdene and you know I
ended up screwing myself a little bit as
a result this is a much worse start than
our last run but still okay I mean a a
tears upgrade not quite doubling your
damage but you know you can't get magic
much early on every run you can get it
on every run is my dream at least that's
what I gonna keep telling myself the
power of positive thinking got magic
mush up on my vision board so it's only
a matter of time until it wills itself
into existence like that Ferrari at 50
that's up there as well
I don't have a vision board I have a
white board you know what it says on it
record a video on humble seed and that's
not from the release of tumble seed
that's from the first time that I saw it
at PAX West 2016 the white board just
kind of stagnates it's not because I'm
an unproductive person I'm just not I'm
not organized well I need the agile
framework and methodology does to come
to my my home life do a daily stand-up
what am I gonna work on you know do
requirements gathering I don't know what
I'm talking about I did take one agile
course though anyway the point is I'm
just gonna keep things going here
weirdly enough for some reason I
actually feel like this is better than
our last run I don't know if it's just
because I only have the one kind of
familiar so all of the Incubus are
actually staying like close together
after being doubled which makes them
much more likely to hit that's a
strategy I had never considered maybe
it's not the more familiars the merrier
when you play as Lilith maybe it's
actually the more familiars the worse
things are that was extremely dumb
unless the familiars are really good
like I'm not gonna turn down a little
brain or something like that but I I i
thought i was being ballsy when I picked
up sister Maggie but I might have just
been stupid because for every sister
Maggie it pushes an incubus like more
out of line with where the enemy is
actually gonna be yeah okay you know
what it's the most revolutionary
thinking I personally have had about
Lilith in about a million years so I'm
interested to see how this works whore
Babylon it fits the bill for us right
now a fairly nice statistical
improvement I will definitely buy a key
and then see what we do from this point
on what a nickel is essentially trash we
might it I mean if we get a nickel out
of it I'll be happy
we got a penny so there's only a four
cent loss but I think I'll also buy this
and PJ's is not a great item but it does
allow us to survive potentially so we
can get a great
so I'm feeling a lot better about this
and also about my revolutionary new
breakthrough and how to play as Lilith
there's so much cat hair in the air dude
cat shedding is like allergies yeah I've
done the allergies bit before but every
year oh and look who's here welcome Tomo
every year I find this new allergy so
used to just be a spring allergies now
there's like spring and summer outage
then like a year later spring summer
winter and fall allergies now it's like
all I got the yeah you know the ragweed
that the equinox of the two new moons
Twilight and otherwise and of it like
just keeps being more and more allergies
I'm not saying I disbelieve them wink
wink
but yeah I'm just saying it's hard to
keep up with cats shedding is like that
when I was younger when two cats shed
once in the winter to get the winter
coat once in the fall maybe to get the
winter coat once in the spring cuz the
summer coats coming in now that I'm a
cat owner it feels like cats shed
literally 100% of the time mind you we
do have long-haired cats we got to take
him to get groomed like everyone thinks
it's being bougie to get your cat's
grooms we're not getting freakin
pigtails cut into them for so we can
show them off at the Kensington cat show
or whatever it's hair everywhere dude
rather let the groomer give them a
little flow be action and you know I
have to pick the hairs out of my nose
one by one after they've already
embedded themselves in my mucus
membranes please stop making creep that
would make it a lot easier for me to
stop stepping in it anyway of course
we're gonna finish all the waves off
you're actually like really really well
set up unfortunately can't really afford
to take too many deals with the devil
but there's some like God combinations
for us Nine Lives plus an item would be
really positive we can stay on spirit
hearts while also getting the value of
potentially becoming Gumpy in the future
and of course there's a lot of deal with
the devil items that are just good
enough to make us not worry too much
about Whore of Babylon
in with here what on earth is this well
what it is is actually the easiest wave
of all time but also an outrageously
large version of the hollow excuse me
sir you're not done
or we could just get two black hearts
three spirit hearts three spirit hearts
that is not a good deal with the okay
that doesn't even work we're not gonna
buy anything here technically maybe the
syringe is okay we could use the speed
but strong it's like really good but not
as good
specifically Lilith and greed mode set
up here I think but it's is I'm starting
to feel the burn of not getting many
passive items hey glitch n/a for thanks
for the subscription how convenient
now I kind of wish we bought the speed
upgrade but either way since oil is good
by itself or you know in conjunction
with something else so we'll take this
now do you want anything here we might
want HP for the deal with the devil but
it's kind of a bit of an ask moms wig is
also like the first good full item room
item we've had one sent for a spirit
heart is a horrible deal either way
though especially because I got to fight
these guys like the old fashioned way I
think in greed mode there's like an
axiom you know an axiom an axiom why pay
for vanilla HP unless you have to like
if you if you buy an HP you should get
something else out of it at the same
time and we're not getting that right
now so I'm gonna try to do something
like that and yeah I think I mean PhD
not great right off the bat but I love
these half-price items if you reroll you
run the risk of losing them so it is I
mean it's a risk either way cuz you know
we don't really want to buy Plan C to
get another item sight on scene but you
know if the item is good we could buy
Plan C and the night and we would have
paid 15 cents for for 14 cents and it'll
pop another seven cent item back onto
the stack for us there so I don't even
mean like a programming stack I'm
talking more about like a stack of
pancakes bet you can't eat just one
actually that's the Lay's potato chip
recipe that's true not recipe my I've
done a joke before as well like
not that I'm doing the greatest hits
tour here but but my neck is sore so
please have mercy and the gist of that
bit was like yo you ever wonder like why
there's a recipe on the back of a box of
crackers like we're acting like I'm not
just gonna eat this alone in my
underwear in one sitting
you got like a recipe for how to use
Ritz crackers to make canapes not gonna
happen
but real talk I just bought a brand of
hot sauce it's a popular brand it's
called Louisiana Hot Sauce
I think the hot sauce is delicious maybe
not my favorite I've ever consumed but
but definitely like a totally
serviceable hot sauce but it has a
recipe on it that is actually even
sadder it says and I tweeted about it
but it says fiery ranch sauce what are
the ingredients 1 cup of ranch
one-and-a-half tablespoons of hot sauce
what's the recipe mix and stir look at
him like this is actually like I'm not
even sure it I guess I never thought
about that you can make your range spicy
by putting hot sauce in it how would we
do that
I don't know science hasn't invented
away yet here's the Louisiana brand hot
sauce corporation to save you from
yourself that was just like man just put
a picture of some buffalo wings on the
back or something you don't need to dam
the audience with faint praise you know
I was worried we were gonna get any
value out of that battery charge but
actually the Krampus fight here is
positive please be lump of coal okay and
then we're rolling like 50/50 in terms
of getting stuff we want for some stuff
we don't so I'm gonna try my gamble here
and we have pH D plus starter deck not a
great combination honestly should we be
maximum idiots sure why not let's get a
little baggie and then taro cloth what
is happening little baggie doesn't
override starter deck all cards are now
cards I don't know I mean it kind of did
it to myself
dad's key is not good here but we might
have actually never seen it before so as
ridiculous as this my
scene the time is right for us to go
pick this up it doesn't do anything for
us we could use it to maybe find a
secret room but hmm should have probably
just bought the pacifier starring Vin
Diesel so we're gonna get out of here
it's a shame cuz there's oh well like
it's super lucky
not quite super lucky we could have done
a lot more with our money than nothing
essentially but it is what it is
we went for a gamble and and we lost
life lesson in there sure okay
the other really really good syringe
it's never one away one away from baby
one away
one away from spawn baby we don't want
any of this other junk probably we did
get a freaky so and that gave us cursed
I I take back what I said about us
batting 50 that's got to be at least 50
149 now um let's check for another card
the lovers garbage tears normally by
this point in a greedy or run you kind
of got a feel for things right like you
you found your seam or you found where
your seam could be in the future I don't
think we're there yet I don't know that
we're far off we're getting a lot of
battery charges I don't know where
they're coming from we didn't get
battery baby
and yet the batteries just keep showing
up the problem is not the waves by the
way like I don't think we're doing
amazingly on the waves but they're not
the principal concern the principal
concern is how the heck we're ever gonna
be ultra agreed with this present setup
knowing that you know unless we get an
extremely high influx of batteries
through some unseen like benefactor like
is it is it spider mod that's dropping
batteries
I don't understand
you know what let's pop it I think we
can probably expect another charge
so when batteries show up you know we're
lucky but I think they only show up at
the end of a wave so love our chance is
necessarily she went up these enemies
pretty quickly though we got good stats
I wouldn't even say visa we got good
stats except for our HP but our HP also
is kind of buoying us you know because
it does give us the Whore of Babylon
payout as well also love that we have
Spider mod that was dumb I love that we
got spider mods just like running around
here Oh No let me out let me out please
doing damage where damage is to be done
we need a good deal here we got little
brim out of candy and conception so
that's also like a high tier familiar
here we don't want any of this other
junk so this is unfortunately just kind
of like a trip straight down to the next
floor where we are really really hoping
for good stuff because otherwise we're
on a tight time er safety pin pretty bad
but it is some HP gonna think about this
one umm no bombs is a bummer so let's
start with the obvious we probably want
to spend five cents to open this yeah
okay still I think worth it even though
it looks ridiculous
we don't care about increasing our rate
of fire any more then we're kind of just
looking for lights-out items and I don't
think that's it really wanted that to be
a two of diamonds we're gonna take a
little bit of another gamble against my
better judgment probably and Wow man one
in the same more or less we get four
cards out of this for seven cents ones
the Empress a death card the chariot The
Fool hmm okay to a spades pretty much
worthless right now and a two of
diamonds extremely worth something so
we'll leave the death card behind save
half a spirit heart chariot Empress the
Empress is the big one here I don't
think we want to use it yet then we want
to save that for the ultra greed fight
so the big damage dealer is gonna be
mom's knife when it hits the consistent
damage dealer is gonna be a little brim
we got almost like a little uh Patrick
Kane Jonathan tabes dynamic going on
here who's a better player you know I'd
love to give us some support to captain
Canada but it's it's Patrick Kane if you
could only pick one in your fantasy
draft you got to go with Kane however if
you're looking for intangibles passing
the eye test and leadership you might
consider yourself at Abe's boy I got
nothing against Johnny the tapes is he
you know maybe a little overrated Who am
I to say
he's got more Stanley Cups than I've
ever seen if that look this extended
hockey metaphor was intended to convey
that mom's knife is our best damage
dealer
that being said little brim is an
important compliment maybe
almost as essential
[Music]
should have popped that earlier but so
be it and when we can line it up just
right the enemies are gonna eat it we
still have one more floor of
self-improvement here and that's
actually like unbelievably important
right now because that means we could
wait two two of diamonds until next
floor if we want we don't want to become
dark Judas because we need to unlock
Lilith stuff unfortunately and so as
much as I would like like to get some of
this stuff like what's that two hours
not relevant Empress and then I them
assume any other cards are bad I'm just
gonna wait I'm gonna wait to spend any
money until we have as much money as
possible because it could give us three
or four more items as much as this
situation scares me a little bit
haha I will check this against my better
judgment okay
there's almost like a demon judgment
play $0.15 grab that but we shouldn't do
it yet we might want to buy this for
three cents but we still probably should
not do it yet there we go okay get the
first enemies popped it only gets easier
after the first couple of waves
he said willing that reality into
existence so the central problem is how
on earth are we gonna get past the floor
after this one this floor is fine you
know ones that we got twelve Incubus all
shooting high damage mom's knife and you
know several Patrick Kane's several
Jonathan Davis's we should leave the
battery charged we don't need to have
you know we don't need to have one extra
wave is what I'm trying to get at here
on top of everything else instead that
we should just ensure that we have one
wave to take down to the next floor and
if we can get something that allows us
to store two charges that's even better
so I am very concerned about getting hit
here especially because a lot of these
enemies will do like one contact damage
so not to mention if we get hit by
anything then anything will kill us
we needed that escape route no no we
live we died I panicked I was like we
lived that was bad
I apologize Lilith is like my own
personal Everest student for now I hope
you liked the episode in spite of that
if you did click the like button I was
at a great deal of course subscribe you
want to see more in the future but for
now thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time